---
title: Results
layout: page
permalink: /results/
---

<h1><strong>Results</strong></h1>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify">The 6th Activity Recognition Challenge was conducted smoothly, and the results were officially disclosed at the International Conference on Activity and Behavior Computing (ABC2024) convened in Japan.</p>

<h2><strong>Victors</strong></h2>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify"><span style="color: #f69801"><strong>Team Seahawk [Champion]: </strong></span>Recognition of Nurse Activities in Endotracheal Suctioning Procedures: A Comparative Analysis Using LightGBM and Other Algorithm.</p>
<p style="font-size:20px" align="justify"><strong>Team Members: </strong>Penglin Jiang (Sichuan University-Pittsburg Institute); Boyang Dai (Beijing Institute of Technology); Bochen Lyu (Nanjing University); Zeng Fan (Beijing Institute of Technology); Gulustan Dogan (University of North Carolina Wilmington)</p>
<br>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify"><span style="color: #f69801"><strong>Team Sequoia [Runner up]: </strong></span>Nurse Activity Recognition using ResNet-3 Model.</p>
<p style="font-size:20px" align="justify"><strong>Team Members: </strong>Pengyang Lin (Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications)*; Haoyang Li (Huazhong University of Science and Technology); Qiqi Xie (Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications); Yangke Zhu (Shandong University); Shiyi Li (Minzu University of China); Gulustan Dogan (University of North Carolina Wilmington)</p>
<br>
<h3><strong>Other Participating Teams</strong></h3>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify"><span style="color: #f69801"><strong>Team NU_SIT: </strong></span>Hybrid Method Combining Learning Machine and Rule-Based Algorithm for Activity Recognition of Endotracheal Suctioning; and Attempt of Data Augmentation Using Generative AI.</p>
<p style="font-size:20px" align="justify"><strong>Team Members: </strong>Motoki SAKAI (Nihon University)*; Masaki SHUZO (Shonan Institute of Technology)</p>
<br>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify"><span style="color: #f69801"><strong>Team bun-bo [Best paper]: </strong></span>Recognition of Endotracheal Suctioning Activities: A Feature Extraction and Ensemble Learning Approach based on Pose Estimation Data.</p>
<p style="font-size:20px" align="justify"><strong>Team Members: </strong>Hoang Khang Phan (Ho Chi Minh city University of Technology - Vietnam National University); Tu Nhat Khang Nguyen (Ho Chi Minh city University of Technology - Vietnam National University); Truong Vi Bui (University of Infomation Technology); Khuong Cong Duy Nguyen (Ho Chi Minh city University of Technology); Tuan Phong Nguyen (Ho Chi Minh city University of Technology); Nhat Tan Le (Ho Chi Minh city University of Technology)</p>
<br>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify"><span style="color: #f69801"><strong>Team London Research Group: </strong></span>Generative AI for Recognizing Nurse Training Activities in Skeleton-Based Video Data.</p>
<p style="font-size:20px" align="justify"><strong>Team Members: </strong>Md Ibrahim Mamun (University of East London)*; Shahera Hossain (University of Asia Pacific, Bangladesh); Md Baharul Islam (Florida Gulf Coast University); Md Atiqur Rahman Ahad (University of East London, UK)</p>
<br>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify"><span style="color: #f69801"><strong>Team BumbleBee: </strong></span>Enhancing nursing activity recognition during endotracheal suctioning through video-based pose estimation and machine learning.</p>
<p style="font-size:20px" align="justify"><strong>Team Members: </strong>S. M. Hozaifa Hossain (University of Dhaka)*; Samiul Islam (University of Dhaka); Md Atiqur Rahman Ahad (University of East London, UK); Md. Zasim Uddin (Begum Rokeya University, Rangpur; Osaka University); Shahera Hossain (University of Asia Pacific, Bangladesh)</p>
<br>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify"><span style="color: #f69801"><strong>Team GEARS_AI: </strong></span>Machine Learning for Human Activity Recognition in Endotracheal Suctioning Procedures.</p>
<p style="font-size:20px" align="justify"><strong>Team Members: </strong>Tian'ao Lan (Huazhong University of Science and Technology)*; Baiyu Huang (Peking University)*; Mingyuan Ji (University of California, Berkeley)*; Carson Moore (University of North Carolina Wilmington); Hilmi Demirhan (University of North Carolina Wilmington)</p>
<br>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify"><span style="color: #f69801"><strong>Team Army: </strong></span>Recognizing Nursing Activities in Endotracheal Suction: Utilizing Multiple Readouts Reservoir Computing and Large Language Models.</p>
<p style="font-size:20px" align="justify"><strong>Team Members: </strong>Arie Rachmad Syulistyo (Kyushu Institute of Technology)*; Yuichiro Tanaka (Kyushu Institute of Technology); Hakaru Tamukoh (Kyushu Institute of Technology)</p>
<br>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify"><span style="color: #f69801"><strong>Team Bangla Electric: </strong></span>Optimizing Endotracheal Suctioning Classification: Leveraging Prompt Engineering in Machine Learning for Feature Selection.</p>
<p style="font-size:20px" align="justify"><strong>Team Members: </strong>Mahera R Islam (University of Dhaka); Anik Mahmud Ferdous (University of Dhaka); Shahera Hossain (University of Asia Pacific, Bangladesh); Md Atiqur Rahman Ahad (University of East London, UK); Fady Alnajjar (United Arab Emirates University)*</p>
<br>
<p style="font-size:24px" align="justify"><span style="color: #f69801"><strong>Team Horizon: </strong></span>Towards Improved Nursing Activity Recognition: Exploring Deep Learning with Skeleton Data and Generative AI.</p>
<p style="font-size:20px" align="justify"><strong>Team Members: </strong>Md. Mamun Sheikh (University of Dhaka)*; Md Atiqur Rahman Ahad (University of East London); Md. Zasim Uddin (Begum Rokeya University, Rangpur; Osaka University); Shahera Hossain (University of Asia Pacific, Bangladesh)</p>